Update SSH and Azure (#413)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/quickstart-public-cloud/pages/clients.adoc

Check using the [command]``hostname -f`` command with the local IP address of the server.
====

Public cloud images usually do not allow SSH login with username and password, but only SSH with a certificate.
If you want to use bootstrap from the {webui}, you will need to enable SSH login with username and SSH key.
You can do this by navigating to menu:Systems[Bootstrapping] and changing the authentication method.

> If your cloud provider is Microsoft Azure, you can login with username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cloud provider is Microsoft Azure, you can log in with username and password.
```

To do this, you need to allow the AzureUser to run commands as root without a password.
To do this, open the [path]``/etc/sudoers.d/waagent`` file, and add or edit this line:
+
----
AzureUser ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: ALL
----

[WARNING]
====
Allowing the AzureUser to run commands as root without a password carries a security risk.

> Use this method for testing only.

Reviewer: In this case, we should define what testing means. I'd say accessible by the test user only.

Author: I think "test user" is actually a little specific. What I'm trying to say is "use this to try it out, not in prod". I don't want people to think it's safer if they just create a user called "test".
